Oh, yeah!
Some Babagius Maximus, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out our Game Master Spencer Crittenden in, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
And the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you, thank you.
We should get some official business out of the way first.
There's a birthday boy here.
There's probably multiple birthday boys, but only one had friends that emailed Steve Levy
and said birthday boys come into town from Ohio.
His name is Ian Bowers.
Ian Bowers, are you in the house?
Raise your hand, Ian, where are you?
Way back there.
Ian Bowers and his business casual Saturday look with no sleeves.
I like that.
So I wrote a little song for you, Ian.
Ian Bowers, are we singing that right?
You're from Ohio, correct?
And you and your gal flew in just for this?
More or less.
You could have lied to us and said...
Well, yeah, they said just for this.
So I wrote a song.
What are you going to medieval times to?
Because a lot of people come to the show just, you know, to knock out other shit.
I wrote you a song.
Dan, you don't have to sing it.
If your feelings are hurt, maybe you don't sing it.
This is the phone sound, the lightning we need working.
Ian, what else did you come to LA for?
All right, meaning drugs.
Awesome. Are you going to clamor rocks and do acid and stuff?
No less.
Is the lightning cable audio?
Oh, yeah.
Ian Bowers grew his food from the land.
Ian Bowers took a poop in his hand.
Ian Bowers told the truth like a man.
He said, mama, I just took a poop in my hand.
And she said, oh, Ian, don't you know, this is how you grow.
You need to leave Ohio while the harvest moon is low
and drive across the land so Dan can use GarageBand to make you understand.
You got to not poop in your hand.
You got to use a toilet, Ian, because it's your birthday.
Ian, it's your birthday.
Ian Bowers, it's your birthday.
It's the day you're worth the day.
It's your birthday.
Second verse is improvised.
Ian Bowers took some pee in a jar.
Drank it down, got in his car.
With his girlfriend's drove.
And they drove across the land.
With some beer inside their hand.
And a pee inside a jar.
And they rubbed it together.
And made poopy pee together.
Birds of a Midwestern feather.
Ian and his girlfriend not to objectify her.
Let's let her pass the sexy lamp test.
I think they call it.
Have you heard of that test, Jeff?
It seems a little co-dependent if your boyfriend wants to make you
drive across the country and drink his pee and poop.
Now, it's called true love.
It's called interdependent.
Two people, individuals that love each other so much.
Will you know when you love somebody truly
if they'll eat your poo and drink your pee?
Darling, won't you come to the Apache Trail
and put on your boots and fuck a snail?
And they never had to even stop for gas
because their car was fueled by the love
that comes from drinking each other's poop and pee.
Ian Bowers.
Now, flowers grow for you.
For your pee and poo.
For pee and poo.
In the ring of fire.
For me and you.
Now, Ian, if you think the people in the fucking medieval times
are going to do that for you, you're fucking mistaken.
Yeah, they're going to get a list of everyone's birthdays
and then they're going to throw a plastic treasure at you
because everyone that goes there, it's their birthday.
It's a con.
Only this show does what we just did.
Only this show makes you theoretically eat pee and poo.
So, Jeff, are you familiar with the pill cultures,
like the online, like the red pill, the blue pill.
There's more pills.
Yeah, well, it's based on the matrix.
No, I am not. Hit me to the jaw.
It's based on the matrix of the blue pill community, man.
Yeah, but, man, those blue pill people are the worst.
No, we just love it. They're just in the dreamland.
Oh, man, that's great.
That's us. We're the blue pill people.
Oh, boy, yeah.
Because we live in the fucking illusion where, like,
you know, women are equals and, like, your vote matters.
Yeah, that's great.
Stink tastes good and, like, Joe Pantaleano is a senator
or something, I don't know.
And the blue, that's the illusion.
And then the red pill is, like, the nuance.
It's the edge. It's the fucking. I see all the levels.
I see it. I see the hard truths that no one wants to see.
That's the red pill that's you living in reality.
But then there's, we were getting confused today
because there's also black pill.
Black pill, I think, is when you're,
I think it's when either pill is just made you insane.
I think if you red pill so much that you disconnect from reality,
now black pill.
Also, those pills are more likely to be shot by police.
Yes.
But if you take the red pills, you know why.
Right.
If you take blue pills, you're like,
why are the black pills getting shot?
I don't understand.
Are they Snagopus?
Yeah.
And then there was something about white pills,
and I don't know what that is,
but there's different pills for different things.
And then there's different movements too, online.
It's now come to, so this is the weird thing,
because you know, like in my day, 2016,
like it was like you were either an alpha or a cuck.
That's what I understood to be the case.
And so a cuck is, okay, you like,
like you can't handle women like you're like,
you're submissive to them because you just hope
that women will just donate some sex to you.
You're living the lie.
You're like, please, ladies, if I virtue signal enough,
won't you give me your vagina nuggets?
Alms for the cuck poor.
Please, Cersei, please throw your vagina candies
from your Lannister wagon.
And those are cucks.
That's me.
And then, and all of our friends
and almost everybody in the audience
except for maybe one guy who's like gonna run up here
and go ee-ee-ee or something at some point in the show
and I'll become Shia LaBeouf.
But that's, and then I thought,
and then the other thing is like you're alpha, okay,
like you work out, you take, your body's a temple.
You try not to jerk off a lot, I think,
because you deserve sex from women who are sluts.
And if they try to pretend like they're not,
it's like some shit they're trying to pull
and you need to understand that if you say to a woman,
like, nice coat, she'll be like,
oh, can I suck your dick?
Because, like, they just respond to that shit
since paleo times.
So that's the other side.
And I'm trying to be objective about this,
like I'll be like, oh, those are the two things I understood.
But lately what I've been learning about is now there's like,
there's, I have no, and I don't want to like stomp on any,
I don't want anybody to be like,
that's not what that is and you got that backwards.
I don't think I don't know what the fuck anyone's talking about anymore.
But I'm just like,
Cody was like sitting in bed today with the iPad
and she's like, what the fuck?
And I was like, what?
There's these things, there's like omega,
omega virgins or something.
There's this whole thing about virginity now.
There's like the, so there's like,
alt-righty kind of people who are virgins,
but who don't want to have sex with women
and are straight.
I'm a cuck.
Right.
What?
I think that's what it is.
It's like, I'm a virgin and I have power because I'm a virgin
because no sale, young lady.
Because the very idea of pleasuring a woman is vile to me.
But there, or even getting pleasure from them though,
that's like, so you're talking about,
we're subdividing now because there's people who are going like,
look, you're not gonna fucking defeat me by pointing out
that I have a hunchback or a mole on my lip
or something that that's why I'm a Nazi.
Like, I know that card and I'm not gonna let you play it.
Like, because there's a thing called incel, is that?
It's involuntary celibacy.
Now, is that the same thing?
That just means like I'm a militant virgin.
Right.
But involuntary doesn't sound like militant
about being a virgin.
It doesn't mean voluntary, but it's like,
I can't get laid, but I wouldn't if I could.
No, involuntary means you didn't choose.
Right.
It's like being like a proud quasi-modo.
I chose to be unfuckable.
No, I didn't choose, but I choose to be proud
of not being involuntarily fuckable.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Well, but if you think about it for a second,
they're taking it back.
What's that?
They're taking it back.
They don't want to be called virgins, they're incels.
Sounds like their splinter cell or something.
Well, they're breaking the chains of that go-to
that you can always say.
Sure.
You could just say, well, you're ugly
and you're just doing this because you're pent up
and you have a lot of sperm in your balls that can't get out
and you don't like jerking off for some reason
because you read that Joe Rogan does it or something.
And you're...
And I'm not bagging on the rooster.
Now, I don't want to jerk off anymore.
Joe Rogan does it?
I don't know.
He's all ripped in, like, cage fights and, like, I don't know.
I imagine that he probably...
I wouldn't be surprised if you found out he was like,
no, dude, you got a no-fap or something.
I don't know.
Or maybe he's like, no, you're going to jerk off three times a day.
But I shouldn't have rift Joe Rogan's name.
That's going to be very distracting.
I'm just saying, like, I think it's kind of interesting,
the idea of, like, because what we're really talking about here
is our original base, nerds.
You're talking about people that feel unfuckable,
people that are, like, maybe...
And when they look in the mirror, they're like, oh, yeah,
I know why no one wants to fuck me.
And then those people are saying,
yeah, but I still want to be, like, on the alpha side.
So you can't tell me, oh, no one wants to fuck you.
I know that.
You're not supposed to want to, and I don't care.
Yes, if I had a magic wand, I would make myself look like Tom Cruise.
No, I cannot do that.
I do not have that magic wand.
I am proud of myself.
You will not shame me.
I still know bitches is crazy.
I'm the king of unfuckability.
It's interesting.
These little quadrants that are sub-quadrants are developing.
There's this guy.
This guy, I had...
Cody was like, she just went down this rabbit hole.
Like, if it was me, I wouldn't...
But I was like, you got to text that to me.
So this is like an example, this is like a...
This is a blog entry from a guy that's like...
I don't know if he would call himself incel or if he...
His blog entry, and I don't want to be the reason why shade gets thrown on him as the millennials say.
I don't want to be the...
But yeah, the words Omega Virgin are in his URL.
So I assume it's like he's like an incel or a superverge.
I don't know if these guys hate each other.
Just look over there, the superverge has just crashed the party.
Let's show him how incels do it.
Sanctuary!
So this is his blog entry.
The title is Women Think That Gospacho is Creepy.
Well, that's where he and I agreed because I...
I'm kidding.
Yesterday I was out getting lunch that recently added Gospacho,
a cold Spanish tomato soup to their menu.
I overheard two women ahead of me in line talking about the new Gospacho.
One of the women asks the other what Gospacho is.
Change tense, that's fine.
The other woman says, damn, damn, don't, don't tense change.
I mean, where is the Pride Maple?
If it's not, I mean, it's gotta be something.
You gotta be Frasier if you're gonna go here.
Okay.
One of the women asks the other what Gospacho is.
The other woman says that it's like salsa that you drink.
The first woman says that Gospacho is creepy.
The second woman agreed.
After that, I made sure to get some Gospacho with my lunch
because I was not going to let women ruin Gospacho,
especially by calling Gospacho creepy.
I have been saying for a long time that women calling men creepy is bullshit.
However, this proves it.
Women are willing to call traditional Spanish cuisine creepy,
which is complete rubbish by itself.
If a soup can be creepy, then any man being called creepy is meaningless.
He let himself off the hook.
I don't know what formula that is in geometric equations.
I don't know if that's the transitive property.
It's called the prestige.
If two women think soup is creepy and all women think I'm creepy,
and I eat the soup and like it, I'm Tom Cruise.
It brings up this point because I can almost sense some of you thinking
what I'm thinking is I'm halfway through that.
I'm like, wait, is this a bit?
Is this guy doing a character?
This is the problem with our new generation.
They're very ironic and savvy.
You can't tell.
And also, I think that's like a fallback.
When you go to a high school dance or wherever,
it's a function and you're feeling awkward
and you don't know when you should dance and if you should dance
and if you do dance, how you should dance
and what you think of the people dancing.
There's all these things going through your head,
but you can conquer a lot of them by just kind of going like this
and dancing goofy.
There's so much fluidity there.
I just think that these kids today,
it's so easy to just be passionate about something
and like rail about something,
and then if anybody were to ever say,
well, that's fucked up.
You seem like a horrible person.
You could be like, that's the point.
Even if it wasn't the point,
you could just be like that's the point.
Or you could say, I was kidding,
even if you weren't kidding.
You could even not know if you're kidding or what the point is.
That's why these fucking children of the damned
are terrifying to me.
They don't know even what Nazism is.
And they're like, oh, this swastika will look great on my balls
and then they take their balls out there,
they put them out there and their balls get kicked
and they're like, this is fucking fucked up, man.
We don't know when they're kidding.
Did you see that guy, the guy that talked like Bob Hope,
the white supremacist in the Vice Land documentary, that guy?
It's like, the Jews are killing me.
Oh, boy.
I got a thing.
I didn't even say we're nonviolent.
I mean, we're not violent.
I'll kill these fucking people if I have to.
And then he's in the hotel room and he's going like,
I don't even know what is Chelsea Manning's.
Didn't you think while you were watching that video,
is this dude kidding? He might be doing a bit.
And I'm like, where does this bit land?
Like, what if it's part of some plan, you know?
That's why I didn't bother making fun of him,
because I was like, this is too easy.
But what I did love most of all was that then, of course,
the OK Cupid pulling his profile and going like,
he's banned for life.
This is why I choose the blue pill,
because I like the idea that a hive mind or not
that that can be this guy's purgatory,
he's like, that's like, undatable.
Like, he's just branded and he's like,
ah, come on, that sucks.
Like, I just wanted to use OK Cupid to meet a Nazi girl.
Talk about Jews and how they shouldn't be.
Well, like, tickle their belly with a rose.
I like long walks on the beach
and I can't wait to get these black people out of here.
I got 17 guns and four manifestos
and I love stranger things.
Will you be mine?
Pending an ancestry.com check.
He's also that new wave of Nazi,
where he's not afraid to show his emotional side.
He's not afraid to cry on camera.
I know, but why would he do that?
I mean, the answer is why he's nuts, right?
Like, he's unhinged.
He's borderline.
Like, that's how he got into racism in the first places.
There's some valve missing where he doesn't understand.
He doesn't have perspective.
He doesn't see the bigger picture.
And maybe sometimes we don't.
There were 20,000 people in Boston.
It was like this big show.
We all loved it.
And then we were like, I was just slowly like,
wait, who's in that rotunda?
I was like, you woke up to it.
I was like, hate speech rally.
You know, absolutely shut down by the people of Boston.
They filled the streets with this beautiful image.
All the racists in the world only fit inside this little rotunda.
And then everybody else is going around.
There were people chanting, fuck free speech.
It's alarming.
But it's still like, you still take it.
It's way better than the alternative.
Five months ago, if you had asked me,
oh, what do you think is going to happen?
All those 20,000 people are going to be like,
give them a chance.
Give Trump a chance.
And I'm like, I'll be packing my bags.
And I just go to, I don't know where I'd go.
Tulum.
We're going to go back to, maybe I can afford to live under the hotel.
Eggs I like.
But I really, no, I had the lowest opinion of us.
I thought that all the people,
I thought that if you gathered 20,000 of us,
we would be like, oh, I'm scared enough to,
sure, I'll hate an immigrant or two,
or we'll wrap that in a package where I don't have to say that.
I'll allow it anymore.
We'll call it a different thing and I'll start chanting that.
So it had, even if there was just one old lady in that rotunda
with like a free speech sign,
and she just pissed her pants and died,
it's still a better day than, you know,
maybe if she really died, I guess, okay, fine.
Would she die of pissing her pants?
I mean, let's say she died of natural causes
and people felt bad.
Like, she was like, oh, like, she had a thyroid condition.
I hope you get that.
Anyways, but it's better times now, right?
It's like, it's like a weird, like,
it's like part of the carnival ride
where you're already through the shit
that really made you piss your pants
and then, but it's like no more safe now,
but you're like desensitized.
But now you're kind of like, I don't know,
I feel like we're now shouting like faster at the carny.
Like, we're like faster!
Whereas we were, you know, now we're all out of our minds
and we're just wanting to do this.
Like, let's just, like, let's take this,
let's see where this goes.
Yeah, it's like, the most alarming thing for me
is that they don't have to wear hoods anymore.
They get to actually show their face on camera.
That's the scary thing.
I mean, it's alarming that they thought they could,
but it's uplifting that it turns out they kind of couldn't.
Like, they're getting fired
and they're bummed out.
I just thought I could hate a couple black people on the weekends.
Yeah, and it's that logic thing,
that you revert to that logic thing
and the outrage thing and the victim thing.
It's like, more and more what we're learning
is that the entire time is just like,
we're all like little kittens
and we want to suck at this titty of like,
feeling sorry for ourselves.
And it's like, these are the people
that we see else as getting a big mouthful
of that specific titty.
Like, they perceive the rest of us
as feeling sorry for ourselves
and getting like handouts for being victims.
And they were like, I want that job.
I always thought the whole time they were like,
get off my shoe, you crazy victim.
They were like, no, move over victim.
I want that victim gravy.
You're hogging it all.
I want to be oppressed.
There was a guy, one of those virgin soldier people
was like, they referred to women as oppression thieves.
Wait, what?
And I thought that was a high up,
but I was like, yeah, they were oppression thieves.
They were referring specifically to the Harambe meme
and how women hijacked that and turned it into something.
And that's not fair, because we were just having fun
and women turn everything into how women are victims.
Yeah, that sucks.
And then I thought I understood all of that logic,
but I have adorable that it turns out the rest of that sentence
is like, yeah, women, we're the victims.
We want to be the victims.
We never get to be the victims.
It's like, that's what privilege really is.
It's a form of oppression.
It's like denial of victimhood.
That's not fair.
I never got to be a victim.
You don't know what it's like to wake up every day
and have no idea what a victim feels like.
There's not a minute that goes by
where I don't know that I command all that I survey.
And I still can't get a job.
Right, exactly.
Hey, Mr. Superior Race,
you could drop a few.
You could be a little sexier.
What, are you fucking kidding me?
I've been turning my body into a fucking shoe-killing machine.
Why? I got a fucking bar in my kitchen doorway
and a fucking crank on it.
Mr. Superior, I don't understand
if you're so superior to everybody,
how come you feel so under the thumb of these inferior people?
Because of the Jews and the black people
and the black Jews.
It sounds like you're afraid that they might have one up on you.
They might be superior.
I think you're afraid. I think you're afraid of the reality.
I think the guy that doesn't have six guns and a knife on him.
I seem more relaxed than you do.
I just brought these so I could feel comfortable speaking my mind.
That's not something you could understand.
You bring black people when you want to speak your mind.
I have weapons.
I don't trust black people to protect my speech.
You've got all these black people helping you speak.
Are you literally Jay Leno?
No, no, not at all.
I just want to show you some headlines about the problem that we're facing here.
This is real. This was really in the paper.
Look at this headline.
I saw that you drove here in a Stanley Steamer.
Look, that's a white power car.
It's vintage. It's a Buick.
Look at this headline. It says,
Man saves Jew from tree.
Gives it a bowl of milk. This is real.
Anyways, we get these headlines. I don't know.
Here's the next one.
This is a coupon in the paper.
Look at this. Three cakes and then look down on the corner.
Jews.
Okay, I'm Jay Leno. I'm Jay Leno.
It's okay to admit that you're Jay Leno.
I just feel like I don't have a place. I feel like I'll be replaced.
You were the king of late night for a while.
Like no rite lasts forever.
You can't be the king of late night for a thousand years.
That's your perception. That's how you see it.
Anyways, we have a great show.
Let's bring out Kira Knightley, everybody.
Kira Knightley is here today.
Actually, we do have a guest.
He's been on the show before. He's our old friend.
Let's welcome him back.
The creator of the original IT crowd
and so much more and a big, old Irish cousin of Harmontown
from the Irish Harmontown annex.
I was giving him time to get in the door.
Let's have a hand for Graham Linehan.
Hello, Graham.
Hi. How are you?
Good. How are you?
We're bringing you to town. Do you live here now or are you a traveler?
I just come here to do Harmontown.
That's it? You just play?
Yeah.
The last time I was here, the first day, I did the same thing.
I tweeted, I'm in LA. What should I do?
And I went to Glendale, which I didn't really like.
So no offense to people.
It was the kind of square...
Nobody really likes Glendale.
It's like the prisoner, isn't it, a little bit?
Doesn't it?
And then today, I forgot I went to Glendale before
and I did exactly the same thing.
I said, where should I go?
And I fucking ended up in Glendale again.
And then I did Harmontown that night.
And I've just done that again now.
So it's like Barton Fink, except instead of doing wrestler movies,
I'm just going to be on Harmontown for the rest of my life.
The next time you come, you should come with Ian Bowers.
Who's Ian Bowers?
He's this guy who comes here sometimes and does a million things
and maybe occasionally drops by here if it's convenient.
And I wrote a song for him.
Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I'm really glad that the show I'm on is going to...
It opens with a five-minute thing about drinking piss.
Oh, this is the Graham Leonard episode.
Do you want some vodka?
No, I'm okay.
It's made with potatoes.
I know it's not whiskey, but it's made with potatoes.
Now, we were talking backstage, Graham.
I think I mentioned this last time you were on,
but I'm a huge Father Ted fan, which is one of your early shows.
Was that your first one?
Yeah, 25 years ago, no.
Was that the first show that you created?
No, we did one before that called Paris,
which was a sitcom about artists in the 1920s in Paris.
If you've not seen Father Ted, please just get on Father Ted.
It's really funny. It's really, really good.
Thank you.
And you're saying, kind of like in that Luke thing,
where you keep doing the same thing,
that two of your actors died on the same date?
That's right. Yeah, Frank left us.
On the same date.
Which is what date?
Oh, God, I can't remember.
You should find out, because you might be next.
No, no.
But Arnold's getting a bit nervous.
There's just two left, but they're still young,
so it's going to be okay for a while, I hope.
But anyway.
You can cut things in this, can't you?
If we're not cutting the pee and poo song,
that's staying in there.
I just have one more question about Ireland.
Where's my wife?
She's...
She's your ex-wife now.
She went to Ireland, she never came back.
Really?
I think she's still over there.
She's in Edinburgh.
I just thought that would be a funny joke.
It was, it was great.
I lost my wife.
She was in Ireland for a while.
Right, right.
Do you blame Ireland
for stealing your ex-wife?
That's a beautiful country.
It's flowing green hills,
so it acts so innocent.
Yeah.
And then they bird-dog you.
We went to see a comedian once in the States,
and somewhere, where was it?
New York.
And the guy said,
who was doing the where are you from business?
And he said it to us, and we said Ireland.
And he obviously wasn't expecting it.
He was expecting a state.
Green.
She flew over Ireland.
What are you, a weather station worker,
headed for John Carpenter's The Thing?
She flew over Ireland.
Where is he going?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know where Ireland is, so I thought maybe...
It's on the way to John Carpenter's The Thing.
Yeah.
So what, I mean, it's kind of like,
so we're hysterical over here
right now,
and we're kind of like
probably not paying
very much attention to everything.
We're familiar that the UK
have Brexited,
and we equated that with
the right-leaning movement that we've been having over here.
Yeah.
It's what's really great
is that UK people
can't feel too superior.
Right. No, that's...
Immediately we were making that joke that we're like,
at least the British won't be making fun of us
during all of this.
It's super hard.
But you're
Irish about that, but I'm curious,
like, how
is Scotland feeling about Brexit?
I've never...
Well, Scotland's in a weird position
because Scotland recently voted
to remain part of the United Kingdom.
Right.
Then Brexit happened.
And now it's going to happen again,
and they're probably going to want to get out now.
So it's kind of... There's all sorts of insane things.
The only thing they didn't take into account at all
was the Northern Ireland situation.
There's a very fragile piece
that's lasted only, you know,
a couple of decades
now, and they've just
rolled a dice on it.
So it's really odd.
Why is that so fragile?
Why would
Brexit affect it?
Because the border in Northern Ireland
that separates Ireland from
Northern Ireland is
a soft border at the moment.
You can, you know, pass
from Northern Ireland to Southern Ireland
without going through, you know, a lot of controls
and so on, but that's going to have to change
because Ireland's going to be part of the European Union
and Northern Ireland isn't.
Of course, yeah, okay.
It's just insane. But it's one of these things...
It's kind of like what happened, I think,
as well with
what's happening in the States
in that people just started realizing,
oh, maybe people aren't
really clever.
Maybe the people
we trust, oh, they
do this, so they know what they're doing.
Maybe they aren't really that clever.
Maybe they're kind of crazy,
some of them, you know.
Which is an uplifting feeling, right?
But you can't call it uplifting...
It has been this week, as you say. I've liked this week.
Is it like watching them because it's like
the insinuation is that, yeah, they can't do this?
Well, the only problem is if there's no one
to replace them.
If there's no one clever
to replace them, then what do we do?
They've already said they will not be replaced.
They were saying that and everything.
This was a good week, though, I think.
I feel good about this week.
Well, because it turns out...
Yeah, I guess what it is, is it's like...
It's weird, because I'm 44 now,
and the
24-year-old version of me
would have... God knows
where I'd be in this
map, because I
would throw
my Writers Guild magazines across the room
when I saw the diversity
report card in the magazine, and I'd go,
why are they spending my money?
Who cares about diversity?
It should be a meritocracy.
Writers should be... You want the best
writer for the job, and
like...
Everything made sense to me.
If you hooked me up to a lie detector test,
it's not like I ever would have said
I'm racist and it would have gone
wrong.
I think he's right.
It wasn't racism.
It was like, I don't know,
I don't want to use such a haughty word as ignorance
or something.
My scope was kind of small at that time.
I was also broke.
Nothing makes you
more susceptible to
this right-leaning,
toothy philosophy,
like being fucking
unemployed and having no control over your future.
I don't want to be too
joyous about all these idiots losing their jobs
because while it's
short-term, it's great
to see them losing their jobs long-term.
You've got to think, what are these idiots
going to do next?
Where have they got to go?
I blame it all on
heavy metal not really being a thing
anymore.
I think in the old days, they just all
have been listening to Iron Maiden,
and everything would be fine.
You know,
headbanging, and
these kind of releases.
That's why Scandinavia is so chill, because they've got loads of metal up there.
They love their metal.
So that stuff got replaced with
kind of meth-y club music
in the middle of a second.
But do you remember, it wasn't
a period where in a stadium
or something, they burnt disco records
in the 70s, do you remember this?
Right, that was a big thing, hating disco.
I think it's the same kind of people, you know?
And I just think, there was a time
when everyone was able to,
when the internet wasn't around, everyone was able to channel it
into
one of about, let's say,
15 activities, you know?
And now, they can channel it
into this
weird kind of performance art
that they're just realizing
has real consequences.
I'm very
fascinated by why it's happened and why it's,
and I don't know.
One thing I'm wondering is,
are there going to be a lot of these guys
who, with the death in Charlottesville,
are they going, are there a lot of these
irony kind of Nazis
who are going to just suddenly go, oh,
you know, and back away from it?
That's something that I'm interested in.
I think a certain percentage, or that I think a certain,
I don't think anybody's going to be really drawn to it that much.
Like, there's no,
like, maybe like Norman Bates
or something like that.
I think this, the percentage
that are into that kind of
hardcore right-wing philosophy,
that number probably stays around the same.
Yeah, they were all in that bandstand.
They feel a little liberated right now
to come out there without their costumes on
and to come out and, you know,
let that flag fly.
But that bandstand was great.
The visual of that bandstand.
I've gone from being very optimistic
and very joyful about the internet.
There's a comedian called David O'Darherty
who describes it like,
the internet used to be like this telescope
that we'd look up
and see, you know, other people
in other lives, and it was amazing.
And now it's like we, it's like a shit pipe.
And every day you look up
and you think, oh, I wonder what's coming down the shit pipe.
Blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, that's not, like,
the millennial generation, as much as I
say they're dumb
and whatever, and poop on them, because I'm an old man,
saying, get off my line. But the thing
to pity about them is that they've been born
into a culture that we,
we're processing everything through time to get
on the internet.
The internet will always be a second language to us.
We'll always be translating
real life into the internet and vice versa.
And these poor kids,
often it's characterized
as a fire hose to the face of information.
And we always thought
I think when you and I were kids,
we probably thought, when we think about the future
and we think about minds connecting to each other,
we always thought that that meant everyone
would get smarter and more patient.
You wouldn't even have
the option,
the information would be
all up in your face,
which would automatically make you less
this, less that, less that,
like, slowly, but it turns out
and it makes sense now that we're seeing it
that that doesn't make the case,
that that's not the case, because it's like,
if everything
is bullshit, which it would appear to be,
I mean, there is no way
to represent truth
without
creating your own version, blah, blah, blah,
I mean, there,
but that doesn't mean you can say the earth is flat
and have Spencer not make fun of you.
It just, it just means
that I think we've,
it's like we live in this age now where we're back
to the propaganda
kind of consciousness, but now we're
conscious of it and conscious
of the consciousness and now everyone is just sort of,
that's what this mean culture is,
everyone's just going like, yeah, propaganda's a thing,
so what's your propaganda?
What's yours?
And there's the only people left that are saying
there's an objective truth, they're kind of like,
they're more right
than everybody else, because if they're calm
and educated, but they're also incredibly
frustrated, because they're like, wait,
how are you people just dancing to a completely
different song that's not even playing
and they're like, because it is, and they're like,
well, can't argue with that!
It's almost like,
it's like, I, when I
first started thinking
about this seriously, I thought, oh, we
are now plugged into a consciousness, I mean
the hive mind is the word that we
all use for it, but it really is like
we are also plugged into
the consciousness of a lot of, you know,
there might as well be bees,
you know, it's just like a buzzing, you
shouldn't know what, none
of us should know what blackpilling is,
you know, only some of us do.
I mean, there's an argument to be made that you and I
shouldn't know how many stray dogs
there are in Los Angeles, you know,
like someone else
would say, yes, you should know that, you need to
be aware, because that's a huge problem, because
that's their thing, and they're like, yeah, why would
you not want to know, that's why there's 75
million of them, is because you didn't
know and you didn't care, so now, thank God
you know, then you add
900 things like that,
how do you not become a nihilist?
When you just know everything
and everything is
everything is misery, there's
no real fairy tale,
there's no actual NBA
all star who goes home to his wife
and kids, and
eats an apple pie, and
like, I don't know
what our definition of a hero is, but
it's like, sooner or later.
His name is Kevin Durant.
But here's the thing, so that's a funny,
I mean, yeah, that's the
Mobius strip of this, is that with this,
as shit gets more and more
scary, the
bar for heroism
I almost don't want to say it lowers
like it takes less of a hero, but yeah,
I mean, it's just like the minimum
standard
it becomes higher in that way, and then we re-enter
a world where people are kind of like walking
tall and like, saying gallant
things, I think that's a good thing.
Well, did you see the two
newsreaders, I don't know what channel
it was, but it was one of the rare times
when they took a Trump mouthpiece
and said, and every single
point he tried to make, they said, no, no, that's not true, that's a lie.
Do you see those guys?
It's a great video, it's well worth
checking out, I wish I could remember.
Did you see the person that played a tuba
next to the...
Did you see
did you see today
the girl, the woman doing that
to the civil...
Was that from...
Then someone did a video of it, like a
bit of the Ken Burns thing, yeah, yeah.
That was the kind of internet I thought
we would have, I thought it was going to be
a great kind of outpouring
of creativity, you know, but the
unfortunate thing is that right-wing people
aren't funny, and they don't have
a sense of humor.
That's not even a controversial thing to say.
They're not funny, so
they think like...
How do you pronounce it? I don't think I've ever said in real life
peep or pepe.
Oh, pepe. So if they do a pepe,
I don't think I've ever said it. I've never had reason
to, because people I know have liars.
But like...
But, you know,
to have an image of
pepe putting someone in a gas chamber,
you know, it's not funny
on any level.
Well, it's...
That's why they keep retreating to
meta, meta, meta, meta, meta. Oh, it's funny in a way, you don't understand.
I'm 15 years old and I don't believe in God
and I'm moments from
shooting up a school, maybe, maybe not.
I'm already hard-hard. Here's
a gift of a Chinese baby getting run over
in a parking lot. I jerked off to it.
The only
cool thing about that, those
terrifying children... He didn't really jerk off to them.
It's a
fictional character I'm making up.
But it's like that thing where
they're like...
They're never more than
one shocked
reaction away from
revealing that that's all part of the
joke. It's like this kind of odd...
It's like celebrating
being...
Well, we kind of
pinned a medal on,
for instance, gangster rap
when it was the 90s
and it was like we're going from
rapping about peas and carrots
to all of a sudden this person saying
the N word a lot and the F word even
more and the C word and everything
and he's talking about shooting other
people and all this stuff and the parents are like, oh my God.
And the defense of
that is...
Well, we're just
showing you how it is.
We're
expressing something that's going on and it's
kind of hard to argue with that. In fact,
in the right cultural context, we
applaud that. So
now you've got these
kids who are like... They're not showing
anything that's going on. They're
showing what's going on. They're showing what's going on to the
human mind under the influence
of a global culture,
which is absolute warpage.
They're showing what's going on when
your parents don't hit you enough.
I think...
Maybe that's a joke.
See, I can do it too.
But like they're showing...
You've got to hit your children, people.
You've got to hit them. They're showing
how a primate reacts to
being part of an 8 billion
light bulb Christmas
display and it
ain't pretty.
I'm not saying
it's excusable at all.
I went off-line for a while.
It was really good. I
realized my mood was much better.
And my son,
my son noticed that
when I was going back online, I was getting
anxious.
It's crazy, man.
Twitter, which is the only thing I actually
do go to online, because it read it's
like too...
It's like an actual fucking...
It's gotten to a point where
for real, it wouldn't even be a funny episode of
intervention, it would actually be an
understandable one. Because it
truly is this toxic thing I'm doing to myself.
You feel like you're helping as well.
If I retweet this...
It's giving you a sense of order and justice
and also community
and feelings and all this stuff.
You cannot fucking...
I keep hitting that goddamn app
and then I'll delete it for
and then I'll be cuddling with
Cody and laughing and all this stuff
and then somehow it'll come up
because it's embedded in a web page
or you click on a thing and you're like back on Twitter
and I'm like fucking...
I'm like
snapping at people.
I said I want my eggs poached!
I haven't seen Dan
for a few days. I can tell if Dan is
in New York to LA Flight
and drunk because there's
9 million tweets.
You're trapped
on a plane and something got under your skin
and also another
unfortunate thing about it
is how fast
time passes when you're on it.
Sometimes I realize
I saw a sketch by these
two guys that I really liked
and I just sent a
direct message to them and I said great sketch
and they rolled back and said thank you
and then I saw because
I'd written a direct message to them
and the previous
message to him had said
something similar about an earlier one he did
5 years ago
2 conversations
with this guy
and 5 years have passed
in between these 2 conversations
and it feels like I blinked
it feels like I looked down on Twitter
and when I looked up everyone's
my kids are 10 years old
and a US president used it
to get elected and he continues
that's a really telling thing
we're going to look back at this and go
this is like having mercury in your food
I'm not saying everybody get off a Twitter
obviously
wouldn't that be great if we all realized
one app was somehow the thing
Twitter is a really easy example of it
because Trump clearly got addicted to it
it's like blood magic
yeah, hashtag
it's like this weird
magic that gets in your body
and then it kind of takes you over
we've all been saying it over and over again
he can't stay off Twitter
he got elected through it
so why would he stop and I feel exactly the same way
I didn't get elected
but I keep feeling like
well my life up till now
has gotten where it is
with Twitter in my pocket
I've tweeted my life
and it's fucking insane
I used to blog
and word
I used to
express myself in prose
he used to not say
N-word
it was like
he said the N-word
by the way
our
let's trade
my leader is so dumb
again we're not totally in tune
my president
revealed today
absolutely unequivocally
including like multiple
peer reviewed control groups
scientific lab
he didn't know how to spell the word heal
and it was scientifically proven
because he deleted it
twice you know about this right
he wrote our country will heal
we're gonna heal the country
multiple times
no typos
and then so heal was twice in the tweet
but he gave it double
then the tweet was deleted
and then reposted
same spelling
and then deleted again
this is in the span of 36 minutes
the leader of the free world
as we used to call it is figuring out
homonyms
forget about North Korea
I got that figured out
fire and fury now
if I say dear mom
no letter why she got no antlers
Harvard where did he go
didn't he go to fucking college
I dropped out
I don't know where he went
he's a college graduate
consensus is he kind of just
bought his way through
how can that be
that's fucking insane
he couldn't go to college he was too busy
not fighting in Vietnam
so give us
oh I'm not sure there's anything
I mean
everyone knows how to spell
that's kind of the base
in Europe the idiots know how to spell
they do know how to spell
but
it's almost worse in a way
because as I say that kind of level
of oh people
they don't seem to know what they're doing
is disguised by their ability
to spell
you know
so you don't really see
how disastrous everything is
Boris Johnson and the Penn
they can spell
but they're still villains
you're right about that because
whether or not they realize it or not
it's just like so flies in the face of
I think Malcolm X had some quote of
I think it was him that said something
that's like
underneath
something about that racism
gets a stronger reaction
when there's a suspicion
that it's
valid or something like that I can't remember
the actual quote he was speaking to the fact
that we all know in common psychology
which is like you know if you're
truly like fucking
you know the score and you're cool
and objective truth is on your side
and life is fair to you
someone calls you honky
like you're like yeah and
but if you're
if the cards are not stacked
in your favor and all these things and you've been
and then someone says something fucked up to you
your anger could be
it's buoyed by the
as he put it I think suspicion
suspicion of its validity or something like that
the so
now you have this like kind of right wing movement
which says what is predicated
on this idea that in America
first of all there was a golden age that's
fascism 101 some reference
to some fucking like
vague golden age that no one will ever be
pinned down on make America great again
when was it great
they will never answer that question
1983 okay
well now that you said that I'm going to show you charts
fake news
but like
it's this idea that
that you know
whiteness is better America's better
America's a white country the Statue of Liberty
only says huddled masses
on the bottom of it because there was a poetry contest
like come on that was
we've never meant that that was co-opted
that was Michelle Obama turned that into a thing
also she's green
she's not even white but when they
can't spell
first grade English
it does help
like because you could be
still a 90 IQ anti-immigration
politician
and just by virtue of
boarding school you could spell the word heal
Pence is
really dangerous
everyone moderate who now knows
how many doors can be opened and how quickly
and how far they are allowed to go before anyone
cries uncle is dangerous now
it's really frightening to me that
Pence would never
have gotten within miles of the White House
if he hadn't snuck in under
Donald's fart cloud
there's no way
is that what she said? it's like a protective
I'm writing that down
that's the new series you're pitching
when you're here
but you know
he wouldn't be known
he's even
visibly disturbing
there's something very kind of
Stephen King villain about him
and
he just wouldn't have got in and now what
he's going to be
in power for three years
I mean that's something
I'm a little bit worried about
I'm more worried in a weird way than Donald
because I'm kind of enjoying watching Donald
become the biggest loser of all time
but there could be a
thing here it could be like a defibrillation
a near death experience where coming out of it
no matter what happens as politics resumes being
politics and becomes even more dangerous
because it stops being a rodeo clown
that the woke
the millennials the younger
people even than them have now
experienced this thing of like are you telling me
that becoming the president
is first of all not
a contest that you win by being
a good person not a contest you even win
by being good at that job
but most importantly
is actually holds no reward
if you actually
just blunder into it
and start throwing birthday parties for yourself
people you will become more
hated than if you just stayed a manager
at Burger King
and therefore maybe there are more important things
going on in my world than winning this weird
Highlander contest of who can be the biggest douche
like
and then maybe I don't know
but let's talk about
like I want to talk to you as a writer
so I can pretend that I'm one
about like
are you finding it difficult
to write
period like right now
yeah kind of I mean good
okay good
no I think it's
what's the problem what's the problem with it
because life is a fucking
screenplay and you can't
type fade in and a guy finding magic shoes
there's interesting things
well what do the shoes turn into
Hitler heads because otherwise
I'm beaten by
but I think you might suffer for not worse than me
because I think you've got
I think you're
in a great way very cerebral
and I think that you don't like
you hate like Tim and Eric I know
have this thing where I think they said
once that a lot of their style
just comes from them being terrified of
boring people so they have that kind
of very insane style
I have no such fear
but like you know
your stuff is very aware of itself
you know it's very aware of what it's doing
you know I I
try and I try and
suppress that for a first draft
you know what I mean sometimes successfully
and sometimes not but it's harder to do that
these days because
it's like what you were saying I think
you said about Rick and Morty that you
were going to have a big
secret but you decided not to because
the internet would figure it out before
and did and did yeah
yeah and that's
kind of the problem it's like
you're competing now against
a giant
wasp brain you know
that is the world and that makes a little bit
more difficult to do the
necessity of a boring first draft
yeah do you know what I mean
but I still but I'll tell you what I'm doing
that's helping I'm watching a lot of cheers
that helps
because because you look at coach and you
just think I want to write someone like coach
right you know I love
I love him
the show you're working on now is
what's it called?
we just did a show Count Arthur Strong
which is
this really funny guy
played by Steve Delaney who
we had three years
on BBC One where I might as well
have just thrown every episode down the
crevasse
because they didn't repeat it
when you're writing like
please don't let me stop complaining about
that
it'll just die there and I'll look like I'm blaming
everyone but ourselves but
when you're writing your stuff like
you're writing for mostly a
UK audience or
yeah but I'm hoping that everything travels
the way the IT crowd and Ted
is kind of traveling a little bit
the IT crowd especially
but you're not hopefully writing to try to
please a certain kind of audience
you're just writing what you like
no I guess
I was always really
I mean I don't want to speak ill of any show
but I always preferred
Seinfeld to Curb
because for me Seinfeld
because it had to navigate
kind of strictures of
you know
network TV
for me it was like
a cold porter song or something it was just a bit more
elegant than Curb
because of the constraints
yeah because of the constraints and I felt that
the performances were stronger
and the whole thing together
I like the elegance that I like
when
things are difficult so with Count Arthur for instance
you know we don't curse
because kids love them
so writing
and one of my favorite things
which I think I've spoken about before on this show
but one of my favorite things is taking
taboo subjects and making the palatable
to a
family audience
I think that's a really funny thing when you get it right
and I thought Seinfeld did that beautifully
you know I mean Master
Master
she's a brother fucker
she fucks her brother
fucks her brother
oh yeah
I'd like to be her brother
giddy up
but yeah
why is it that
I mean you probably can't answer this because it's a question
about my own taste but like why do I
find English or
Irish like writers and
TV shows like the
same reason I like American shows
Toast of London is the funniest goddamn thing
because they sound funny is that the answer
but you know that's written by Arthur who did
Father Ted as well
yeah that's a fucking doozy
yeah yeah but that's you know
it's the same thing when I saw
me and Arthur we used to watch
little clips
of Saturday Night Live
which you couldn't see
it wasn't broadcast over where we were
so we would just see little videos of it
you know later on on YouTube and stuff
but beforehand they were just on these compilations
where they had to show tiny clips because
they couldn't use any of the celebrities because
they would have to pay them again or something
wow weird so you'd only see like
snatches of sketches just all Lorraine women
yeah but we were
but you know we would see some
we would see a sketch like
Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer
you know it was like that it's the greatest
thing and
and we just thought they were working on this
on this you know
really high level and it wasn't until we saw
you know whole episodes
where we realized oh okay
it's a little bit more conventional
you grew up on Money Python and we did
I saw Money Python
piecemeal through like weird
syndicated shows in the middle of the night
and I saw Python when I was
a teenager so it had that
on a kid so it had a very strong
effect on me probably more of an effect
you know it's just you see stuff that
when it's hard to see it feels more
valuable yeah I didn't know what a budgie
was I didn't know that was a parakeet I
just knew it was a funny word
I just thought they were making shit up
like no that's that's that's a thing
in England I didn't know that well I remember
half the audience half the American audience
as teenagers probably didn't know what the
Spanish Inquisition was I thought I was like oh
that's funny it's a joke from history class
but like you didn't have to know because
it's like that's the thing I'm like
it doesn't matter how many references
you know like it doesn't matter that
because they didn't they didn't seem to have
a lot of references I mean you know
Python yeah I mean it was not cultural
references it was all very
not pop cultural yeah
not like of the moment but they were all
cultural references to us because we don't know
what Yorkshire is and we don't know what
Burnley is and they were
but maybe that's why it travels I don't know
yeah I mean it just I remember
being like a freshman in high school
and being in theater class and then we
were doing a play and the seniors
all had the secret language and they were all
I found out years later they were all
quoting Monty Python somebody
had gotten a hold of some
tapes or something like that and
they would all like like
it's just a fish or like no one
expects a Spanish Inquisition I had no idea
what they were talking about I thought they were all just
like great friends who had their own
like riffs but like yeah no like
they were all speaking Monty Python
and it was like the punk
rock of comedy yeah yeah absolutely
I'm kinda curious
I still don't think it's been beaten as a sketcher
is Des here the
our new he's not here is he
alright fine
jeez
you remember how excited we were of Des the blind guy
and we were like he should come back and he was
like obviously got in his van and was like fuck off
I mean he's blind
he could be anywhere right now
he probably thinks he's at the show
he's probably
this is the show's little light on lefts
so he's here
yeah but
so
so we talked about
finding it harder to write
now let's talk about
how have the duties
changed in writing
if you do manage
to write again
and you're writing comedy
the thing is what you're talking about is
saying I'm watching Cheers
good so you're saying
getting back to the craft of just like
making people
happy you're right like am I
spoiled by
the idea that it's okay
for things to
acknowledge what's happening outside
the bubble of television reality
is it a superior
craft to let go
alright
well the answer is yes
in my opinion it's just that I don't know how to do that though
I'm not sure what to
can you rephrase that?
well I haven't finished even wrongly phrasing it
he answered his own question that he hadn't quite asked himself
I'm just sort of babbling about it
because I'm like I mean when you say
watching Cheers and like I'm thinking about
like okay so like
Cheers didn't say
there's either socialism or fascism
happening outside of the Cheers bar
Cheers might make jokes where
if you were an alien society you could go
it appears they lived in some kind of democratic republic
because they just made a joke
about a senator
well we did
on counter author
they'd call out 9-11
it's 9-11
I don't know what's gotten into them
never encouraged it
I don't know
if I'm answering the question
but with counter author
the thing we just did we just
made the
the guy who owned the cafe
they all go to Turkish
and we lost a lot of
a lot of his idiot fans
from his previous incarnation
a lot of his idiot racist fans
and that's what we wanted to do
so he's not Turkish he plays a Turkish character
and fans of his
no sorry Steve counter author
it was a radio show before it was a TV
show and on the radio show it was totally different
we reinvented it for the TV
one of the things we put in was this Turkish guy
and so Steve and I discovered
that a lot of racists liked him
and they just fucked off
so we just had this kind of nice
filter
that we got rid of a lot of people
we didn't like just by having a character
that's fucking crazy
but the thing about it
actually I hope I'm not exaggerating
it wasn't many it was just with the internet
you always think there's more than there are
they're louder because they know
they know that there's no shows for them
they're fucking desperate they'll grab
a thousand pots and pans and bang them as hard
as they can
and you think there's more than there are
but you know it was nice
so I think the whole diversity thing
you know for us it was a very
natural character to have in the show
because there's a lot of Turkish
it's a lot like trolling right
people in London you know
you're doing things that in your gut
you know you have a processor you go like
a certain kind of person
there's a bump on this
but I genuinely didn't know that would happen
I genuinely didn't think just the appearance
of this character in the show
would have a lot of people saying
like we were called politically correct
just because we had this character in
you know and I didn't expect that
you know it was very strange
what was the impulse to make that character
Turkish in the first place
because we knew a lot of Turkish guys who were like that
and we thought they were funny
kind of grumpy you know
there's the soup Nazi in there as well
who you know everything I do is influenced
by Seinfeld in some way
you know
and we found this brilliant actor
who was just every when he never
smiled he was hilarious
so they just wanted the show to be lily white
and no
because that's how the original was
you know anything that was different to that
and it was a mixed race relationship
I think the people that freak out
it's like I'm gonna say
a solid chunk of them
they're not actually if you
change Peter Parker to African American
if you say this character
can be female now
I think that there's
surely a bunch of people that are like
no I hate women you shouldn't do that
and then there's these like cousins of theirs
who are perfectly comfortable standing
next to them because they think
that they're such big fans of comedy
or sci-fi or comic books
or whatever their thing is
they're such big great fans
that
and then they perceive
this agenda
that has nothing to do with for instance
making comic books as cool as they can be
making video games as great as they can be
making movies as funny or as loyal to
this or that
and then they actually
it's almost like a recruitment thing for them
it's like those guys go oh man
Doctor Who's a woman
like that ain't Doctor Who
standing in the shadows 5 feet from there
going over here
we agree
Doctor Who ain't Doctor Who no more
if it's a Doctor Her
come over here and they're like what
yeah I'm so frustrated like
oh you don't know the frustration
how many people is 6 million
people do you think
there's a lot of people exactly
come here just keep walking with me
it's getting awful dark
um
not to cast any of those people as innocents
but I do think I think that they're
I think it's like there's a difference between hate
and ignorance I think
hopefully because otherwise we gotta just go
oh there's always hateful people we might as well be like
fine they're like white walkers and let's just
either like what eliminate them
or let them kill us like
no it's like it's not like that it's like
there's a lot of ignorance at play
and people get like at different
times in their life they go like oh I'm a big
I hate this idea that
feminism is a thing in comedy
I'm sick of reading these articles
I can't all these headlines oh women women women
women women I'm so sick of the women
and you must not be
thinking about comedy very much if you're
focused on women being involved
that's not comedy comedy should be
about the comedy which is me
at 24th throwing that magazine across the room
yeah but as far as
you know I've done it
for a long time now I know
I can do a certain type of show we did
father Ted it had four
three three male characters
and one female character
you know I know I can do that
it would be interesting to do a show
with three female characters and one male character
which we've just done you know it's
interesting you know it just keeps you limber
you know well yeah well I think the important
thing is to do that and then have it be fucking awesome
because that is the that because
that's the it does it
it otherwise you're like
that's the it's like you're pouring like
energy into this weird
engine that
exists where I don't even know
that's another half hour
you know you can do it so why do
why do it again why you know
that's why I think diversity is an interest
it's another it's another
discipline you know and it's another
structure you can put on yourself
and I don't know I think that leads
to interesting interesting
as I say
best example you know you can't say
you can't talk about masturbating on a show
but so they come up with
three different ways of talking about it
you know
that's where the fun is
so why not embrace it
why not embrace something like diversity
as a chance to show
what you can do
and I think the answer is
if not for the wider reasons
I mean also obviously
there are good reasons to do it anyway
but for reasons of
artistic reasons it's good
artistic reason too it's a good reason
guys like me I always want to just say
don't you want to
prove that you're the most talented person in the world
so don't you want all of this
nonsense about anyone not having
access and any suspicions
of an unfair
field to be abolished so
at some point in your life you can go I'm the best writer
there's a flip side to it though
with the internet though
which really does annoy me
which is
people telling writers what they can
and can't write about that
really annoys me you see that a lot
like writers are jukeboxes
and that's
a really good argument for unplugging
yourself from the internet
the uplifting thing about that though is that I got like shit man
no one's going to replace me this generation
is fucked
they think TV is like a faucet
they're just like so
25 year old Dan Harmon
coming down the pike
well when I see that stuff
that's how I make myself feel better
I'm like well if this person
can yell at the creator of a show
and say you're not creating it
right then
no one's going to like these kids
are not equipped to produce a competitor
I really like it
I've got this terrible
twin is this boring for everybody
I've got this
I've got this terrible
someone nodded
and that person
Norman Lear
sorry Mr. Lear
he comes up with a spell or a wrestler
yeah I'm bored
I'm bored of the scene Mean Jean
I'm bored of these whippersnappers talking about
how they should diversify
I think you need to energize a pie
ain't that right
William
he's a writer everybody
he can't write
William
I tried to think of another show
runner
I was like I don't know
I've got this double thing
going on where
I kind of don't like watching new things
because I'm jealous
but at the same time I really
want to see good things
because when you see good things
it makes you want to write better things
but it's really hard
it's like showering for me
every time I'm in the shower I'm like
I should do this all the time
and that's like how I feel
if I'm halfway through an episode of New Girl
I'm like why the fuck don't I do this
this is fine
the reason one for me
was the good place
which I started watching
because it's just a show
my inclination is not to watch it
I don't know what that fucking is
I haven't watched Atlantic yet
it's really good, Megan Amron
who's really funny
you don't read like novels
or things like that right
I have a real bookworm
what the fuck
but I need to ask though
this is something I tried to ask him on twitter
and I never get an answer
so I'm going to be able to ask you now
where does your understanding
of the
the circle
is it from reading Campbell
the first thing I read is that book you mentioned
Christopher Vogler's Writer's Journey
before
and I always recommend that to young people
or old people
I mean new people
that are asking me how do I
process the Campbell stuff
read the Vogler book first
because it's so simple
you need my numbers
but don't stop there
having read that
now
try to digest Campbell
from cover to cover
I bought it today and I started reading it
it's tough going
because once you've got Vogler
or any other kind of like
there's a chapter
or two in there for me that I've had to read
and reread and reread
every paragraph like Campbell writes
a thousand times
but that's a five and six on the circle
it gets really dense at one point
he's blowing my mind I think
yeah
my mind has been blown so my mind doesn't work anymore
he's explaining to you that the concept
of mind-blowing reveals to you
that you are the mind-blower
but you see I've been asked
I've been asked to go to Australia
and talk to
people about comedy writing
like to do a course like Robert McKee or something
but the thing is
I'm just copying your
your blog post
you know what those guys want down there
I've been down there
they want you to pretend
they don't have poisonous spiders
they're very sensitive about that
apparently there hasn't been a poisonous spider death
in 30 years or whatever
I said to them
no other country has that statistic
you protest too much
but
they really just like
they like you to sound like one of them
so can I teach you a phrase?
oh wait
I like that
just remember that
if you get into a jam just go
I like that
you know what
I find suspicious about
the Aussies
they really insist that you
don't have any worries
they don't want you to have no worries
at all time
that worries me
yeah but I don't know
but the thing is I don't really have
a unified theory of writing
my stuff is
grabbed from all different places
I'll give you a sneak
there's a cheat
the circle
so just do
quadrants now
top half is
I want to make sure I get this right
order
stop
top half is good
just stop
top half is
good, bottom half is bad
right half is dishonest
left half dishonest
yeah I love that
it's just a cheat
it doesn't even matter
things about a banana
good dishonest
bad dishonest
dishonest
the goddess midpoint
there's this truth that changes everything
it's like another threshold
you go into
honest bad
why you get your ass kicked
the truth is you suck
and then you recover from that
and now the truth can be that you're good
can you riff the banana
story
I want to know what
bad dishonest banana is
still to do it right today
in my Seth Rogen
animated film called
banana boys
there's a bunch of bananas
and they all agree that
getting peeled is
the worst
so then
they try to avoid getting peeled
and then one of them gets peeled
and
he has to adapt to getting peeled
like a naked banana
but he's like
he's cool with it
and then he finds out that
bananas are actually
plantains
that he was never a banana
so
he was adopted, his parents didn't want him
he just looked like a banana
it doesn't matter peeled, unpeeled, go fuck yourself
and then he gets back to
the fucking banana story
I'll just tell the Australians
yeah
look it's never going to sound very great
on the whiteboard
but I tell you that was
the biggest change
in writing for me was seeing
that juicy details post
once I realized
that everything in the second half
was the
trailer, that's how I describe it to people
that everything in the bottom half
is the trailer for that week's episode
and I thought that was just
so clear as soon as I realized
that you could start filling out the bottom half
and that helps you decide what the top half
is, it's so
easy and wonderful
it made everything better for me
as you can imagine if you ran the simulator
as a writer that you
admired saying that to you, it hits you in
like an orio of
of flattery and
fucking panic because you're like wait
so then there's going to be some subreddit
where people say have you noticed that since
Graham said that
Dan Harmon changed how he wrote
that all his shit sucks or something
like they're going to trace it
and I'll be like I don't want any
responsibility
I won't tell you the exact point I
started
but they called
out 9-11 because
we start playing D&D around this time
so stick around
and have a drink with me after
I'd love to, I've got to meet a friend
I don't know what he's doing but I will
fuck you
you're giving us an Irish goodbye, that's amazing
we don't usually get the real thing
it's a real Irish goodbye
everybody thank Graham
for coming
grab a hand everybody
thank you Graham
let's thank him by the Graham
and bring up Steve Levy everyone
Steve
Dahlia Jr. to the stage
hello Steve
hey
oh shit
now I just want to go home and rewatch
Father Tech because I got to hang out with the guy that made it
makes me so happy
fuck off
drink
that's for the four people that have seen that show
all right Spencer do you want to
disperse the character sheets here
no
I wish somebody
I don't feel bad
when I interview people
I don't want to interview them
just tell me how do you think
you should interview people
just for years you're great at it
listen to Steve you're great at it
what do you think is the right thing to do
in an interview I'm just curious
plum the depths
do you
think you tend to do that
no well there's a great
first step
I don't know I'm just
I don't know the right answer I'm trying to work through
with you
does it feel good
just play your game
this is why I sequester myself
for other people's benefit
Steve how you been doing man
how's your week been
my week
I don't know
I can't remember
I think it was a decent week
you overworked aren't you
yes
it's fine
it's great I love it
you're dying a little inside every day aren't you
Steve's an incel
but he likes it
that's not true
he likes dying a little inside
he likes being overwhelmed
I'm not going to say who it is Steve
but there's a guy that came to one of our shows
I don't know if it's this one or something else
here at the castle
but you got a secret admirer out there
who has got a lot
I got a big crush on that Steve Levy
they're just all over the place
what
they're just not here that's the problem
I don't even admire a woman
that is hot for Levy
because it's like
it's such an obvious
it's like low hanging boy candy
that's what I call my balls
it's a boy scout
I'll just take this ring to Mordor
I don't care
yeah yeah
what kind of girl falls for
sweet good looking guys
with biceps
that's what I'm saying
the wolf
good luck impressing me as a woman
if you're hot for an obvious choice
go ahead
but I'm just going to be like
the reason why
he's so
adorable is that he doesn't consider himself
an obvious choice
do you secretly think I got the fucking goods
no
I don't think I consider myself an obvious choice
it's never worked out for me
I want to fuck you
because that was so charming
he just made me gay
you're saying Steve
you don't know you're beautiful
and that's why you are
isn't that the song
yeah
you don't know you're beautiful
that's what makes you beautiful
you think you're a nerd
you're like Velma
or Mary Ann
see I wear suits because
I don't look good in a t-shirt
you can just go out in a t-shirt
you look good in a t-shirt
you look like young Jewish Paul Newman
all the time
young Jewish Paul Newman
he's fucking
he's Jewish cool hand Luke
you're kind of saying
because Paul Newman was young at one point
so then you can contract that
you can just call him Paul Newman
I mean that sounds a little more insulting
but yeah
it's a little bit
maybe a little bit
that's good
he's a cute dad
Neb
like Neb-ish
do you speak Yiddish?
Hebrew
I'm sorry
what's the difference between Yiddish and Hebrew
different dialects man
so is Yiddish like an informal
or what's the
Steve, do you want to feel this one?
Yiddish was like Eastern European
it's even in German
there you go
because I have relatives that speak a little
my great grandparents
they're from the Polish
corridor part of Europe
and there's a lot of
Yiddish
like isms
I would get my dupa washed
in the bathtub dupa means
no wait that's Polish
your family washed
like those dupa wash
madam out there I think we can agree
does Steve have a pwnum?
what a pwnum?
a what?
he's got a pwnum
a Shane a pwnum?
he's got a Shane a pwnum
unge tchachka
did I say something?
I think you called me a knick-knack
we'll play some D&D shall we
before the time runs out
I think we've had enough of this
Michigas
we'll set aside a segment
for next week
as someone on Twitter suggested
take it or leavey
we'll get to know leavey a little bit
we just have leavey dating game
we'll just bring up
all the women that are in love with him
this will be great
Steve won't even be here
it'll be great
he doesn't need any help there
I'm not going to whore him out
I just want to make him uncomfortable
because it's adorable
we went to New York
every woman we met
just fell in love with him
that's not true
he can't see it
we try to help
don't get us wrong
it's something you don't see
it's great
that's part of your charm
especially you got to squeeze lately
any action in the dating room
I've squeezed a few
but
no one's happy about it
there's no squeaking happening
nobody won
no
all right
if you don't mind
last we left
some weird shit was going down
so hit us to the giant
when last we left
some weird shit was going on
what happened
you guys had infiltrated the church
with partially the help of
Patchins you conspired
in the courtyard on what to do next
and you decided what to do next
was to go to the library
once in the library you read a couple
of the books and then went up some stairs
and one of the stairs had marbles
in it and Chad
grabbed the marble
one of the marbles and then Carlos grabbed the rest
of the marbles and went up the stairs
and nothing was theirs
you went down
and found a secret door
Carlos found a secret door
and he opened it but there was a trap
and they took damage
and I hope it's written down on your character sheets
and then they went down into the secret
dungeon where they saw
an unholy sight
a rogue figure manipulating a magical
object
and melting flesh together
unhinged monstrosities
oh boy
who knows what would happen next
find out now
now do they see us
do they notice our presence in the doorway
here
are they too busy making
sexy blood magic
so let's pretend
we're going back in time
how do you guys go down this ladder
because that would determine the answer
to that question
I usually sing my ladder song
ladders
go up
but mine goes down
I
love a rung or two
when you ring me a frown
no we're trying to be stealthy
I think
I should go down first
and put my shield
and use my shield so you guys
can come behind me
and I can defend you
just in case
explain that more
you're on a ladder and you're using your shield too
I'm going to like ghostbusters down the ladder
and then whip out my shield
and then you guys follow behind me
and then any sort of
I'm sliding I'm going to do a quick move
with my shield
which is very like action hero-y
you know
is this the
original ghostbusters
the first movie
ghostbusters
alright well I assume
I don't know I've seen that movie
but I don't know what the fuck you're talking about
they have a firepull
they have a firepull they go down a firepull
right I come down like
like the new women's
ghostbusters and I go oh this looks like a room for the nightmares
it is
yeah
alright well you ghostbusters down
Steve's in the lead
with the shield leading and the rest of you
are behind him so that's kind of the situation
and that it sounds like
they do know you're here
how many people are in the room
you see six
six people no seven people
six of the people got all warped
by flesh
bathed in flesh
and it was mutating them into horrid monstrosities
like getting long arms
and weird legs and stuff
their chins are melting
and they're getting like an eyeball
on a stick
it's gross
but that rogue figure is the one that we found
in the pumpkin patch where we were trying to be cow people
and he flew off right
yeah you can tell by the robe
oh really
yeah that's cool
same one that plan kind of worked then
it worked enough
alright guys
how far away are we from them
uh
sorry
do we got a map of this room or no
I don't have a map
a lot of the rooms are rectangular
and this is no exception
hahahaha
alright so you're in the corner
the ladder comes down
the corner
that barrel stacked up along the walls
and there's one cabinet
on the far end of the
of the longish room you see
the table that all that melted flesh
was on
and there's also like an altar
it looks like an altar to an evil entity
and there's also a little well
like a well
for drawing water
you're saying this to all of us because we've all
you're figuring we've all come down the ladder
that's my assumption currently
I'm willing to go with that
we came down the ladder
whatever you guys want
okay so they know we're there
the jig is up right
oh it is
battle formations
gentlemen
being man or beast you still
be of the church of the silver flame
lay down your aggressions
recant
you'll be shown mercy
the road figure picks up a
barrel it's like a you know
a big size barrel and throws it at you
she's faster than you
oh man
what did you say she
oh no yeah
um yeah
well it hits you in the face steve
what I have my shield out
it hits you right in the shield
yeah because you you you
you gender
I signed her
all right you take seven
damn you should have taken
the eggshell pill can you guys
can you guys heal me
the barrel explodes
spraying urine everywhere
oh boy
she threw a pee barrel at you
oh it was a barrel
yeah so it was a pee barrel
why are they peeing in barrels it's the olden days
people peed in barrels back then
where do you want to go
the first city national bank building
why are they saving
the pee
it's for doing laundry
I take that gold marble
that I found in the trap it has kind
of slushies maybe possibly liquid in it
and I don't know what it is but I think
it's probably a weapon and I throw it
at the road figure all right
what's your
what's your ranged
do you have a ranged attack
like with my bow you mean
yeah just give me your bow base
attack bonus
no just the base attack bonus
sorry base attack bonus
where are you
it's on the left
yeah
oh boy you throw
the marble and it lands on the floor
it explodes
and it emits a shrill ringing
sound it's like ring
the hooded figure
recoils with a terrible
scream as if they're
hyper sensitive to sounds
but they don't seem to take any damage
or anything oh wait wait
I start
hitting my steel shield
with my elvish blade
alright you do that it's making noise
oh boy
they don't seem happy
Carlos can you heal me
sure
uh
well I mean normally
you can substitute any level 1
spell for a healing spell
that's a spontaneous
casting
alright well I substitute divine favor
off of my offensive
loadout
for a healing spell
I have a well
of course I'm not happy about it
you don't have to heal me
no one wants to give up divine favor
that never sounds like a good idea
but friendship is friendship
oh man you heal him
for 10 damage
oh wow thank you
so I think you're back to full health
even if you took the trap damage
I'll get that later
oh really? yeah
so then all the shambling
mounds start shambling towards you
it seems that all this mutating
didn't make them faster
so they're just
they're kind of like a wall
of disgusting flesh
it's horrendous
how many of them? there's six of them
they're kind of forming a wall between
you and the hooded figure
so it's just
of the original people
in this Roman Polanski scene
that we walked into
there's just the hooded figure and now everyone else
has turned into these shambling flesh people
there's three of them
six of them
nice try
I summon nature's ally
alright
you can just say take a shit
we're friends
I summon a serpent
alright
what kind of serpent? like a big ass cobra
like a mutant
love him
cobra chopper
alright you summon a big ass cobra
I drop the kids off at the pool
what do you want the cobra to do?
I want them to attack
the boogins that are coming at us
it attacks the boogins
sorry hold up
while Spencer's consulting the literature
to see how that attack fared
it's a good time to wonder
whether you should have
meal ingredients delivered to your home in a box
do you hate
eating prepared meals?
do you want to make your own
but you
don't want to go to the grocery store?
then the world is dying
and you're in luck
fresh hello box
brings you five boxes a day full of gourmet
ingredients from only the freshest people
alright so I got a cobra
I have a magic cobra in the room right now
you guys know what I hate is liquid cologne
it's just not solid enough
I don't like other people's undies
what happened to me undies
I don't want to keep walking around
there undies
alright the cobra
it wraps around one of the legs
of one of these shambling horror things
and bites it
jaws sink into the flesh
of the leg
and oh man it hurts
the thing it cries out
a horrifically garbled cry
oh man
it goes down
he's like he's wracked in pain
from the what do you call it
poison
yeah that's the word
yeah that's
guys that's called
my little cobra friend
does he keep moving around
and kicking butters?
that guy is dealing with it right now
he's like tussling with it
okay so the hooded figure crosses over
and attacks at what do you call it
Chad
that's me
she's like real fast
and she like blasts over to you
what's your AC
it is
equals
yeah 17
alright you take three damage
she punches you with the strength
of something real strong
inhumanely strong
oh boy it hurts
but only three damage so it doesn't hurt that much
alright so Steve's turn
if she was affected
by the clanging sound
of your shield she's not really showing it
okay how far is she from me
she's within
10 feet of you because she's like mixing it up
with Jeff who's close to you
or behind you potentially
do I have to go through the monsters
the monster people to get to her
no
can I do a full attack on her
uh yeah
how many attacks do you get
on a full attack
how many do I get
where would it say that
probably just one
it wouldn't say that
I'll just assume it's one
they can't be not one
sorry everybody
it says plus four plus four attack bonus
oh you do get two
alright
you hit her with your sword
no do you have a sword
I want to use my elvish blade
and do some kind of cool
leg loss
attack with my bow
yeah
is that doable
you said two attacks
two attacks right
so you can use your sword first
and then do a bow attack
it's not going to be
you have a penalty to bow attacks
within a close range
oh I didn't know that
alright I'll use my elvish blade
twice
one will be cooler than the next
one is cooler than the next
the first hit misses
and the second hit hits
good thing I had two tries
you slash into
the hooded figure's face
revealing her face
it's pale
yeah it's just pale
she's got long stringy black hair
it's like gross black hair
oh boy
she's pale
is it a person
yeah it's like a human looking
person yeah
you slice her in the face
is it that moment
in the 80's movie where it's like
she shakes her hair
no she starts to but
she's doing something else
and we already knew she was a woman
how much damage does she take
she takes 17 damage to the hooded
alright
you score a deep blow
it goes deep into her face
is she bleeding
she's bleeding
she's sliced her in the face
is it like human red blood
yeah it's human red blood
okay
but then her wounds start healing
together
it sucks together
it's starting to heal fast style
it doesn't heal completely or anything
but it's starting to heal up
inhumanly
that's where I come in right
isn't it my turn
yeah it is
nowhere to hide
nowhere to run
summon monster one
level one
don't tell her what level one is
yeah right you're right
I don't know why I made that part of my incantation
make it
make it sound like a high level monster
summon monster
market price
you don't know
what do you want to summon
if you have to ask
you care for it
oh the lobster thermometer you want
what are you trying to summon man
well I'm sorry I had to ask you this
but I don't know my choices
there's a dire rat, a dog, a dolphin, eagle
fire beetle, poison frog, pony
I mean I got distracted when you said dolphin
I didn't hear anything else
I hear a dire rat because it sounds like diarrhea
I got distracted by that
just go from the top, dire rat
dire rat, dog, dolphin
eagle, fire beetle
e-e-e-ewo? eagle
eagle, eagle, eagle
sorry sorry, fire beetle
fire beetle
frog, frog, poison frog
it's a poison frog
it's a choice between frog and poison frog
I was clarifying poison frog
don't pick the frog
don't pick the regular frog
I hope he settles near me
I
I believe the dire rat
is gonna be the perfect like
I'm like yeah
we're in a legit dungeon
where you gotta bring the rat out
we got a snake and a rat
it's like the Chinese calendar
alright
you summon a dire rat
what are you doing with it
attack! the robed woman
alright you summon a filthy rat
the size of a small dog
that's my commanding him
who are you attacking again
oh man it lunges at her
but it misses
it jumps straight past the rentable wall
I should have sicked it at one of the
poison frog
no I should have sicked it at one of the
the shambling mounds
that poison frog though
oh boy
the shambling mounds they continue to advance
they get towards you and start lashing out
with their grubby gross
flesh hands
six of them
we're fucked
yeah
I don't like the sound of that
alright Jeff you take
just five damage
Steve takes
two damage
and Dan takes
six damage
are my HP
like updated from last time
they should be
you said earlier you hoped we marked it down
I'm down to six HP right now
oh boy
whose turn is it
it's not
the shambling mounds turn
no it's the rogue figures turn
alright
we're not running from shit
we got a cobra
we got your weak ass fucking rat
we could make a fast getaway on those horses
I won't turn away from a fight though
let's keep going
the vampire turns into
mist
the vampire oh yeah it's a vampire
spoiler alert
pale humanoid
it's kind of vampire right
especially if they're healing
yeah I could have done a better job
I'm not going to deny that
it's a vampire
well now it's a mist
it's not clear what this portends
alright it's Jeff's turn
that vampire just boned out
well it's a mist
it's still misting around
it hasn't really picked a direction
did it do it because
you don't want to get eaten by a rat
or it's not clear what this portends
alright well
I
is it mist kind of all like in one
like space
no it's kind of like the room's a bit foggy
it's not quite that compact
alright now are these
these shamblin mother fuckers
are they all in a group
are they kind of like
yeah they've all converged kind of around
towards you
I try to go zap
like zoom
like pickle rick laser
against
against what was his name
condor
yeah I try to go
crush these mother fuckers
alright one of them catches on fire
oh boy he takes six fire damage
and catches fire
and he's screaming
this gurgly scream that sounds like he's got
a melted uvula
and he starts running around
and he's like catching things on fire
catching barrels on fire
making pee barrels
catch fire
you know flammable pee can be
is pee actually flammable
no
I don't think so at least
mine frequently is
how would any organism
survive Darwin's gauntlet
with flammable pee
I don't know
I wasn't thinking about it
alright so we got one
we got one that's been subdued by my snake
by the viper yeah
oh yeah the snake should have a turn too
oh yeah does he still want to keep tusslin
is it a snake
it's a cobra
cobra's always want to fuck another chance
is that the case
yes
alright he bites him again
oh this time he bites him right in the eye
alright
that's on your dice
yeah it was a snake eyes
that's our show
he bites him in the eye
now he's screaming real loud
as if the poison's in his brain
alright
it's a gambling mound you're talking about
it was a person
it's like a mutant person
it's like if a person turned into an action figure
and melted
so I got one dude on fire
this other guy's going crazy on snake eye poison
alright
Steve
have we eliminated any of those
I'd say two seem to be out of the immediate fight
okay
um
I'll attack the closest one
with my elvish blade
alright you miss once
and then it's a critical hit
oh boy
dealing damage
dealing 14 damage
that was less than that normal hit
okay
well that's numbers
alright
you lop off the stretchy
head of one of the mutated forms
oh boy
yeah
it's pain baby
alright
nice job DJ
thanks
it's Harbin
I am using channel smite
it's one of my feats
which won't fail me now
to deal extra damage
to undead on attack
now
I'm making a snap judgment in my head
that these shambling mound things are not undead
and I got a nod
so I'm attacking the mist
I didn't think this through
if you have a towel
do you think that could help
I don't know
so you absorb the mist
towels
and the mist's one great weakness
the shambling mounds aren't undead
I'd know that as a cleric
yeah you'd know that as a cleric
they're like mutants, they're like demonic
they're not
alright
but they are evil
I just
this mist I gotta
get this fucker
I can't hit her
I'll just hit a shambling
I'm not channeling smite, I'm not doing that
I lied
I'm hitting a shambling mound
with my morning star
alright
what's your attack bonus?
plus two
times two if it's critical
damage is 1d8
plus one
you
alright
you smash one in his head
you explode his giant
ear and it oozes puss
as his brain also pusses
out of his ear
he dies
yeah
alright
it's 9.59 right now
so we got how many standing
we got two
we still got a frog
not a frog we got a rat
has the rat gone again?
oh yeah make the rat do something
oh rat attack
one of the shambling mounds
rats don't attack mist
sorry
yeah it bites one of the guys
right in the neck oh boy
it tears his neck open
he's not dead but he's really heavily injured
oh man
the mist it takes a turn
it leaves it goes up out of the ladder
shit
follow that mist
come on snake come on rat
we're going up this ladder
I put the snake around my neck
like a scarf
and
like let's go
get this god damn mist
alright
the shambly guys
they reach after you with their fucked up limbs
but you manage to
get away unscaved
up the ladder
the mist is nowhere to be found
it was a mist
we missed the mist
it was a swing and a mist
should we go back down
and just fuck up the other two guys
just out of frustration
there's a giant explosion from underground
oh shit
oh man everything down there
explodes
I guess the urn is flammable
did we survive it?
well you guys do yeah
oh so down where we were
below the ladder
is the explosion ongoing
or it just ends?
no it happened
you were like what the fuck
diarrhea
see down there
I go down into the
I go down the ladder
oh man it's all blown up
can I see anything
I have low light vision
you can see a crumbling support pillar
pretending
collapse
imminent collapse
let's get the fuck out
well he's just down there now
I have to get out of here
okay
climb up the ladder quickly
he's back with you guys
what did you see down there?
an imminently collapsing pillar
we gotta get out of the structure
let's go out and get on those horses
let's get on the horses
you run into the courtyard
and you can see the horses
are slaughtered
oh boy
Steve Levy everybody
as diarrhea junior
let's give it up for our guest
grand linahan everyone
also the birthday boy
Ian Bowles
is that right?
welcome Ian
thanks for coming
Spencer Crittenden
let's take church on photography
and Kevin and Sarah and Zach
and who else
Noah
and all the people that make things happen here
no way
I'm your com total Jeff Davis
thank you
did you get any of that?
it's a good show